fix(pd): add missing configuration items for PD (#20883)
pingcap/docs: pd-configuration-file.md

+ Specifies how many days the hot Region information is retained.
+ Default value: `7`

> ### `enable-heartbeat-breakdown-metrics` <span class="version-mark">Introduced in v8.0.0</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `enable-heartbeat-breakdown-metrics` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>
```

> + Controls whether to enable breakdown metrics for Region heartbeats. It is used to collect statistics on the time consumed in each stage of Region heartbeat processing, facilitating analysis through monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Controls whether to enable breakdown metrics for Region heartbeats. These metrics measure the time consumed in each stage of Region heartbeat processing, facilitating analysis through monitoring.
```

+ Default value: `true`

> ### `enable-heartbeat-concurrent-runner` <span class="version-mark">Introduced in v8.0.0</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `enable-heartbeat-concurrent-runner` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>
```
